What type of service best describes Google Kubernetes Engine?
 IAAS
 Hybrid
 PAAS
 SAAS
1 point
The Google Cloud Platform (GCP) hierarchy helps you manage resources across multiple departments and multiple teams within an organization.
	   Which of the following is at the lowest level of this hierarchy?
 Organization
 Folder
 Resource
 Project
1 point
Projects form part of the Google Cloud Platform (GCP) resources hierarchy. Which of the following is true concerning projects?
 GCP Project IDs do not need to be unique
 All resources must be associated with a project.
 You can nest projects inside projects
 Folders are nested under the project
1 point
Cloud Identity and Access Management (Cloud IAM) allows you to manage privileges. What do these privileges apply to?
 Application
 Google Cloud Platform Resources
 Applications, GCP, and Operating Systems
 Operating System
1 point
Google Cloud provides resources in multi-regions, regions, and zones. What best describes a zone?
 An edge location
 Geographic location to leverage services.
 A point of presence (PoP).
 One or more data centers
1 point
Google Cloud Platform (GCP) provides a variety of service choices. Which of the following services is infrastructure as a service (IaaS)?
 Google Compute Engine
 Google Kubernetes Engine
 App Engine
 Google Cloud Function
1 point
Which of the following best describes the major advantages GCP has over other cloud providers?
 Google uses satellite links as a way of interconnecting Regions, Zones, and POPS.
 Google owns one of the largest networks in the world. All regions and zones are connected on the same network
 Google leases fiber from multiple vendors. In the event of a vendor’s fiber failing, another vendor's network can be used as a backup.
 Google leverages traditional networking gear from commercial vendors
1 point
A zone is a deployment area for Google Cloud resources within a region. Which of the following is a zonal service?
 Cloud Datastore
 HTTPS Load Balancer
 Virtual Private Networks
 Google Cloud Virtual machine
1 point
What does it mean for a system to be elastic?
 The system is multi-cloud.
 The system can add and remove resources based on need.
 The system can be moved from region to region.
 The system can bounce back after an outage.
1 point
What is the purpose of a folder?
 Used to organize users
 Used to organize resources.
 Used to organize projects
 Folders are not part of the hierarchy.
1 point
True or False. Using Cloud Shell, you can manage your projects and resources easily without having to install the Cloud SDK
 True
 False
1 point
Which command line tool can be used to manage Cloud Storage?
 gcloud
 kubectl
 gsutil
 bq
1 point
How would you configure the Cloud SDK to work on your laptop?
 Edit the .profile file of the SDK.
 Download the config file from https://cloud.google.com
 Run the gcloud init command.
 Sync your laptop with Cloud Shell.
1 point
Every GCP service you use is associated with a project. Which of the following statements regarding projects are correct?
 A project cannot be restored once deleted.
 Each project is a separate account, and each resource belongs to exactly one project
 Projects are billed and managed collectively.
 Projects are the basis for enabling and using GCP services.
 Projects have a single owner
1 point
True or False. Cloud Shell code editor is one of the developer tools built into the GCP console
 True
 False
1 point
In what format will a majority of the APIs return data in?
 XML
 YAML
 JSON
 YAML
1 point
What best describes the purpose of quotas?
 Configuration used to prevent over consumption due to malicious attacks.
 Configuration used to prevent billing surprises
 Quotas are used to send billing alerts
 Configuration used by Google to prevent building large systems
 Quotas can automatically build infrastructure based on Stackdriver metrics.
1 point
How would you configure billing notifications in GCP?
 Set up a billing alert in Stackdriver
 Use Cloud Functions to fire off an email with daily budget totals
 Enable a script using cron to kick off when a threshold is reached
 Configure budgets and alerts.
1 point
True or False. s3config is a command-line option for the Cloud SDK?
 True
 False
1 point
How would you test a Google API and learn how it works?
 Use the console to get the directions on how to build the API by service
 Use the APIs Explorer that is part of the GCP console.
 Use the gcloud command in the Cloud SDK.
 Use the help files in Cloud Shell
